SCHEDULED BACKUPS
=================

This file explains how to set up phpMyBackupPro to make it create MySQL
backups automatically.

A backup is only triggered when a visitor of your homepage indirectly
(or without knowing it) calls the schedule script. You can set how often
a backup is created. phpMyBackupPro takes care of the frequency you set.

There are two popular ways to schedule backups:
1. by including the schedule script into an existing PHP script or 
2. by using a hidden frame in a HTML frameset.

In both cases you have to start with this step:

1. You have to generate a schedule script first. Open the page
"scheduled script" in pMBP and select how often you want a backup to be
created. Then you have to select the directory of that PHP script which
will include the schedule script later (e.g. the index.php file in
your root directory htdocs/). After that select the databases to backup,
enter a comment and choose the settings for the backups (compression,
...). When you enabled the directory backup function you can further
select directories to be backed zp. Finally press the button "show
script". On the next page you will see the generated schedule script.

Now you have to choose between the following two ways:


Including a schedule script into an existing PHP script
-------------------------------------------------------
To include the schedule script into another PHP script continue with
this step:

2.) Now copy the automatically generated code and paste it at the end of
a PHP script (e.g. index.php) which is placed in the directory you
selected on the previous page. The line next to the ending of the
generated code which looks similar to:
@chdir("dirXYZ/phpMyBackupPro/");
should point to your installation of pMBP.

2a) Instead of copying the schedule script code to another PHP script
you can insert an require-command and save the schedule script in an
extra file. Therefore enter a filename like schedule_backup.php in the
text box at the bottom of the page in pMBP and press the "Save data"
button. To include the schedule file in another PHP file enter:
require_once("schedule_backup.php");
at the end of the PHP file (e.g. index.php).


Using a hidden frame in a HTML frameset
---------------------------------------
If you have a homepage which contains a HTML frameset, you can add a
single frameset as container for the schedule script. To do this
continue with this step:

2.) Modify that HTML frameset which maybe looks like this:

and add a invisible frame which contains the schedule script (width /
height = 0) like this:

This frame now runs the schedule script every time a user visizs this
HTML page.


Debugging
---------
You can debug the backup scheduling. Go to the "configuration" page,
click on "System variables" and change the value of "schedule_debug" to
1 and click "Save data". Now the schedule script prints debug
informations whenever you open the PHP file in a browser. Don't forget
to switch this variable back to 0 after you finished debugging!